[rocsparse] Add more information about rocsparse testing to documentation (#3009)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocsparse/docs/install/Linux_Install_Guide.rst

      # Execute rocSPARSE example
      ./example_csrmv 1000

For more comprehensive testing, you can run the entire unit test suite using the command:

.. code-block:: shell

      # Navigate to clients binary directory
      cd build/release/clients/staging

      # Execute rocSPARSE example
      ./rocsparse-test

> or for more focused testing, you can run a specific test by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more focused testing, you can run a specific test by running the following command:
```

.. code-block:: shell

      # Navigate to clients binary directory
      cd build/release/clients/staging

      # Execute rocSPARSE example
      ./rocsparse-test --gtest_filter=TestName

.. warning::

>    The unit test suite is a comprehensive test of the rocSPARSE library and will take multiple hours to complete. Consider running 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The unit test suite is a comprehensive test of the rocSPARSE library and takes multiple hours to finish. Consider running 
```
